Fix build on macOS (#1)
JosiahWI/trafficserver: src/tscpp/api/CMakeLists.txt

target_link_libraries(tscppapi
    PUBLIC
    libswoc
    yaml-cpp::yaml-cpp

>     )

Reviewer: Dedent.

Author: Fixed

install(TARGETS tscppapi)

if (APPLE)

>     set_target_properties(tscppapi PROPERTIES LINK_FLAGS "-undefined dynamic_lookup")

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    # does this need to be PUBLIC I wonder?
    target_link_options(tscppapi PUBLIC "-undefined dynamic_lookup")
```

Author: Fixed

Author: It could be PUBLIC, but the plugins still need to be dynamic_lookup because they're plugins.
